[Intro]
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
I come from a fine arts background and spent several years cooking before transitioning into graphic design.
It was a wonderful opportunity to move back into an arts related field while also bringing with me the skills and the work ethic that I acquired while I was cooking.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
My hobbies, interests and passions outside of my work as a graphic designer include being an avid member of the Ottawa life drawing community,
you can see some of my work from that on Instagram;
being part of an amazing Ottawa arts collective called NORM, I help to organize and host some of their fundraisers and events;
and being part of this excellent little band called Valois.
It's been an absolute blast working with them over the last couple of years; and most of my peers who know me know that I'm heavily involved in student advocacy.
The list literally goes on and on and on.
[What are some great things youÕve done to adapt to the work/school from home life?]
To be completely honest with you, adjusting to work and school from home was a huge challenge.
I'm the kind of person who really loves to be close to people and to feel connected to them.
I find that working on a team or, in general, just doing my work around other people is extremely motivating,
really helps with my productivity so weÕve had to adjust in fun and new ways to at least feel connected to each other in our leisure time and also make class a little bit more fun.
Over the summer I was able to meet with my work team from the government in parks and it really, really brighten up my days
and my weeks when that happened, so if you are watching shout out to you.
And in general just indulging in things that I really felt like I never had the time for when I was constantly commuting and zooming around the city from one place to another,
IÕve gotten a lot more time at my piano, in general I found ways to make myself happy and stay healthy, in general...
for the most part while living in isolation, which has been ok.
[What does graphic design mean to you?]
That one is a bit of a fun one.
What does graphic design mean to me...
Well, a lot of people know when I was cooking, the corn ethos of my doing that was that cooking is one of the most universal ways that we take care of the people around them,
and show them that we love them, and make them happy. conversely I found the going into graphic design,
the core of that was just about understanding what people need and finding a way to communicate with them and to,
to help make things just a little bit better, and that's why I love design.
[Outro]